scripts: nrf_profiler: Add -o float offset to merge_data (#29718)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/nrf_profiler/README.rst

   python3 merge_data.py test_p sync_event_p test_c sync_event_c test_merged

> Optionally, use the ``-o <float>`` (or ``-O`` / ``--offset``) argument to apply a fixed time correction to peripheral synchronization event timestamps before clock drift compensation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, use the ``-o <float>`` (``--offset``) argument to add a fixed time correction value to peripheral synchronization event timestamps before clock drift compensation.
```

Reviewer: Consider using term `add` to make doc more straightforward (`apply` might mean `add`/`remove`)

Author: Corrected

The offset is a floating-point value specified in microseconds (range: from ``-100`` to ``100``, default: ``0``).
A positive value shifts peripheral sync timestamps forward on the time axis.
For example:

.. code-block:: console

>    python3 merge_data.py test_p sync_event_p test_c sync_event_c test_merged -o 3.6

Reviewer: Do we want to inform about the `3.6 us` in `profiler_sync` module docs? (IMO the recommended value might be helpful for users)

Author: A note about the recommended offset (when using GPIO for synchronization) was added to README.rst file.

   python3 merge_data.py test_p sync_event_p test_c sync_event_c test_merged

Optionally, use the ``-o <float>`` (``--offset``) argument to add a fixed time correction value to peripheral synchronization event timestamps before clock drift compensation.
The offset is a floating-point value specified in microseconds.
A positive value shifts peripheral sync timestamps forward on the time axis.

> When using GPIO for synchronization (Central: GPIO OUT → Peripheral: GPIO IRQ on edge), ``-3.6`` is the recommended offset value.

Reviewer: Maybe we could make it as a note placed under the command example (to highlight the information). We could also link to nRF Desktop's module doc page (the module can act as quite nice example on how to implement the synchronization in practice)

```
.. note:
   nRF Desktop applications's :ref:`nrf_desktop_nrf_profiler_sync` can be used as an example of implementing nRF Profiler synchronization events in device firmware.
   The synchronization events are generated on GPIO pin state set (Central) or GPIO edge IRQ handling (Peripheral).
   Relying on practical observations, in this use-case the observed synchronization event offset is around ``3.6``.
```

Reviewer: `-3.6` if you prefer to stick with adding the offset value

Author: In my opinion, we should treat the offset parameter as the absolute value of the time difference between two events. To avoid introducing reverse logic, a negative offset value should shift the event "backward" in the time domain. Similarly, a positive value should shift the event "forward." Let's leave it as is.

> When using GPIO for synchronization (Central: GPIO OUT → Peripheral: GPIO IRQ on edge), ``-3.6`` is the recommended offset value.

Reviewer: Consider adding a link to `nrf_desktop_nrf_profiler_sync` as the module can be used as a quite good example of nRF Profiler sync implementation (firmware part). It was also used to determine the ``-3.6`` value.
